Improve documentation on developing extensions (#765)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/API/extension_dev.rst

setuptools. You will need to create a package and install it (for example with
pip).

> To add the extension to the documentation on :ref:`extensions-community`,
> please initiate an issue on `Github
> <https://github.com/asreview/asreview/issues>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you develop a useful extension to ASReview and want to list it in :ref:`extensions-community`? Create a Pull Request or open an issue on `GitHub
<https://github.com/asreview/asreview/issues>`__.
```

``simulate``).

Extensions in ASReview are Python packages and can extend the

> subcommands of asreview (see ``asreview -h``). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subcommands of asreview (see ``asreview -h``).
```

After installing this package, ASReview is extended with the ``asreview
example`` subcommand. See ``asreview -h`` for this option.

Dataset Extensions
------------------
An extension of the :class:`asreview.datasets.BaseDataSet` class.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
Creating a dataset extension provides quick and easy access for yourself and
other users to a dataset. This way, starting research on a topic can be as quick
as a single installation command bypassing data preprocessing altogether.

Dataset extensions integrate new datasets for use in ASReview, available from
the plugin window in the setup phase, or via Command Line Interface.
```

Instead of current info on line 169 to 171.

I have to write access so I'm doing a review instead.
